📖 Add info about contributing documentation changes (#4390)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

docs](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel). Expect reviewers to request that you
avoid common [go style mistakes](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/CodeReviewComments) in your PRs.

## Documentation changes

The documentation is published in form of a book at:

> - [Latest released version](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Stable release](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io)
```

> - [Main branch version](https://master.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Tip of the main branch](https://tip.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
```

> The source for the book is [this folder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/master/docs/book/src) containing markdown files
> and we use [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook) to build it into an HTML
> version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The source for the book is [this folder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/master/docs/book/src) containing markdown files
and we use [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook) to build it into a static website.
```

After making changes locally you can run `make serve-book` which will build the HTML version
and start a web server so you can preview if the changes render correctly at

> http://localhost:3000/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
http://localhost:3000; the preview auto-updates when changes are detected.
```

Reviewer 2: Extra credit: we could mention that this downloads mdBook into `~/.cargo/bin` if you don't already have it (I think that's how it works).

Author: Done & done 😉

- Dates in a release are approximations and always subject to change.
- `Next` milestone is for work that has been triaged, but not prioritized/accepted for any release.

> ## Documentation changes

Reviewer 3: Should this go after "Contributing a Patch" (or be a sub chapter of it)

Author: Yeah, I actually considered this initially too but ended up putting it close to CAEP section as it's also about documentation, but really it would make sense to me if both were placed after _Contributing a Patch_ and before _Releases_.

If you don't mind a slightly bigger scope for this PR I can move both the sections, or I can just move this one for now.

Reviewer 3: developing a CAEP in my opinion is more a process than a simple PR, while documentation change IMO is a kind of PR (so the suggestion to move this near contributing a patch).
however I don't wan't to block on this. Let's see if someone else has opinions...

Author: Done, moved it up. Thanks!

> The documentation is in form of a book published at:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The documentation is published in form of a book at:
```

> - [latest released version](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io)

Reviewer 5: nit:
```suggestion
- [Latest released version](https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io)
```

> - [main branch version](https://master.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer 5: nit:
```suggestion
- [Main branch version](https://master.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
```

> - [master branch version](https://master.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- [main branch version](https://master.cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/)
```
We should avoid offensive terms (and the branch will be hopefully renamed soon)

> The source for the book is form of markdown files in

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The source for the book are markdown files in
```

> [docs/book](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/master/docs/book)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
[docs/book/src](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/master/docs/book/src)
```

> The source for the book are markdown files in
> [docs/book/src](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/master/docs/book/src)

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The source for the book is [this folder](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api/tree/master/docs/book/src) containing markdown files
```
```

and we use [mdBook](https://github.com/rust-lang/mdBook) to build it into an HTML
version.

After making changes locally you can run `make serve-book` which will build the HTML version
and start a web server so you can preview if the changes render correctly at
http://localhost:3000/.

> When submitting the PR remember to label it with 📖 (:book:) icon.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When submitting the PR remember to label it with the 📖 (:book:) icon.
```
